[OSDOCS#16704]:Modularize the ROSA and STS explained assembly and CQA fixes (#114035)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-hcp-sts-security.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_architecture/cloud-experts-rosa-hcp-sts-explained.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="rosa-hcp-sts-security_{context}"]
= AWS STS security

[role="_abstract"]
Security features for AWS STS include:

* An explicit and limited set of policies that the user creates ahead of time.
** The user can review every requested permission needed by the platform.
* The service cannot do anything outside of those permissions.
* There is no need to rotate or revoke credentials. Whenever the service needs to perform an action, it obtains credentials that expire in one hour or less.
* Credential expiration reduces the risks of credentials leaking and being reused.

> * The ROSA-specific AWS managed policies are tightly scoped to only allow actions on ROSA-specific AWS resources in your account, within the limits of the AWS API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The AWS-managed policies for {product-title} are tightly scoped to only allow actions on the associated AWS resources in your account, within the limits of the AWS API.
```
Or can be "allow actions on {product-title} resources in your account.

Author: Done now :+1:
